[HB-9335] Drafts documentation (#120)
hashboard-hq/documentation: pages/docs/project-management/drafts.mdx

---
description: Hashboard drafts allow you to stage changes to your project safely and apply them in a single operation when you're ready. 
---

# Drafts

> Drafts are a way to stage changes to your Hashboard project safely. 

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
Drafts are a way to test or propose changes to your Hashboard project safely. 
```

Drafted resources can be created, updated, and deleted, and can be applied to your project in a single operation. 

## Creating a draft
Drafts live in the [Drafts page](https://hashboard.com/app/p/drafts) within a project. 

To create a draft, click the `New draft` button. You'll be prompted for a name and description, which can be changed later.

Once you've created a draft, you can enter the draft by clicking on the `Start drafting` button. 

While in a draft, you should see an orange `Drafting` button at the top of the page to indicate that you're in a draft. 
This means you're safe to interact with the project and make changes to resources, knowing that they will not be applied to your project until you're ready.

> To exit the draft, click the `X` button on the orange `Drafting` button at the top of the page, or navigate back to the Drafts page.

Reviewer 2: Could mention there are two buttons here? X leaves you on the current resource just not in draft and the "Drafting" button takes you back to the draft details page.

### Permissions

There are no special permissions required for users to create, view, or apply drafts. 
However, users have the same permissions within draft mode as they do when interacting with other project resources. 

For example, if a user does not have permission to create a model, they will still not be able to create a model in a draft.

## Validating drafts

When developing a draft, it's possible that the draft may enter an invalid state. 

> Similar to a merge conflict, this can happen if changes are made to the project that are incompatible with the changes in the draft.

Reviewer 2: Maybe say "... to a merge conflict in git..." people that aren't aware of git at least have some context clues to search this out on their own.
